[DOC] Add doc updates for query frontend and limits per spanset (#4421)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/_index.md

```

> ### Limit query size to improve performance and stability

Reviewer: Isn't this the same feature as `Cap the maximum query length`?

Author: They are similar, but two different configuration parameters. one controls the size of the spanset query and the other sets the maximum length of a query.

Reviewer: Clarified on Slack, this is an H3, the sections below are H4.

Author: The cap max query length heading is now a H4 instead of an H3.

Querying large tracing data presents several challenges.
Span sets with large number of spans impact query performance and stability.
In a similar manner, excessive queries result size can also negatively impact query performance.

#### Limit the spans per spanset

You can set the maximum spans per spanset by setting `max_spans_per_span_set` for the query-frontend.

> The default value is 100. Tempo and Grafana Enterprise Traces users can set this option in their configuration file.

Author: We don't need to say that the option can be set in the config file since we're in the config file doc. 
```suggestion
The default value is 100. 
```

> In Grafana or Grafana Cloud, you can set an equivalent option by using the **Span Limit** field in the [TraceQL query editor](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/tempo/query-editor/) in Grafana Explore.

Reviewer: My understanding of https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/4383 is that the **Span Limit** from Grafana is not an equivalent of `max_spans_per_span_set`. Rather, with this change the maximum value that users can set for the **Span Limit** value (or the `spss` query) is now `max_spans_per_span_set` (which by default is 100).

@joe-elliott @mdisibio Can you chime in please?

Author: We can easily rework this. What about this? 
```suggestion
In Grafana or Grafana Cloud, you can use the **Span Limit** field in the [TraceQL query editor](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/tempo/query-editor/) in Grafana Explore.
```

Reviewer 2: > My understanding of https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/4383 is that the Span Limit from Grafana is not an equivalent of max_spans_per_span_set. Rather, with this change the maximum value that users can set for the Span Limit value (or the spss query) is now max_spans_per_span_set (which by default is 100).

Correct 👍

Reviewer: > What if we remove "equivalent option" and instead use this?

@knylander-grafana makes sense

I propose below a draft, but feel free to adapt it as needed.

```suggestion
You can set the maximum spans per span set that can be requested by a TraceQL query by setting `max_spans_per_span_set` for the query-frontend. The default value is 100.

If your query requests a number of spans per span set above this maximum, it will return an error.

In Grafana or Grafana Cloud, the value of **Span Limit** field in the [TraceQL query editor](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/tempo/query-editor/) in Grafana Explore cannot exceed the configured maximum.
```

> This field sets the maximum number of spans to return for each span set.

Reviewer: I've read this after my comment above - indeed, that's it. We can say it like this.

> If the **Span Limit** is set to `0`, then the capability is disabled.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this line is correct. From the change I've seen that if the configuration `max_spans_per_span_set` is set to `0`, then the maximum is disabled.

It'd be nice for the team to confirm.

```suggestion
To disable the maximum spans per span set limit, set `max_spans_per_span_set` to `0`.
```
Something like this, if correct.

Author: Okay. The text I wrote was based on [this comment thread](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/4383#discussion_r1858731357) in the original PR, where Joe notes that you can adjust Span Limit "to whatever works for your or (or turned off with a 0)."

Author: ```suggestion
To disable the maximum spans per span set limit, set `max_spans_per_span_set` to `0`.
When set to `0`, there is no maximum and users can put any value in **Span Limit**. 
However, this can only be set by a Tempo administrator, not by the user. 
```

Reviewer 3: Kim, your last suggested change is correct 👍

```

### Limit query size to improve performance and stability

Querying large tracing data presents several challenges.
Span sets with large number of spans impact query performance and stability.
In a similar manner, excessive queries result size can also negatively impact query performance.

#### Limit the spans per spanset

You can set the maximum spans per spanset by setting `max_spans_per_span_set` for the query-frontend.
The default value is 100. 

In Grafana or Grafana Cloud, you can use the **Span Limit** field in the [TraceQL query editor](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/tempo/query-editor/) in Grafana Explore.
This field sets the maximum number of spans to return for each span set.
The maximum value that you can set for the **Span Limit** value (or the spss query) is controlled by `max_spans_per_span_set`.
If the **Span Limit** is set to `0`, then the capability is disabled.

> ### Cap the maximum query length

Author: ```suggestion
#### Cap the maximum query length
```

#### Limit the spans per spanset

You can set the maximum spans per spanset by setting `max_spans_per_span_set` for the query-frontend.
The default value is 100. Tempo and Grafana Enterprise Traces users can set this option in their configuration file.

In Grafana or Grafana Cloud, you can set an equivalent option by using the **Span Limit** field in the [TraceQL query editor](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/tempo/query-editor/) in Grafana Explore.
This field sets the maximum number of spans to return for each span set.
If the **Span Limit** is set to `0`, then the capability is disabled.

### Cap the maximum query length

You can set the maximum length of a query using `query_frontend.max_query_expression_size_bytes` configuration parameter for the query-frontend. The default value is 128 KB.

This limit is used to protect the system’s stability from potential abuse or mistakes, when running a large potentially expensive query.

You can set the value lower of higher by setting it in the `query_frontend` configuration section, for example:

```
query_frontend:
  max_query_expression_size_bytes: 10000
```

> ### Querier

Author: ```suggestion
## Querier
```
